Update deprecation notice in versioning policy (#10440)
simple-icons/simple-icons: VERSIONING.md

## Deprecation

> After a _major_ release, the next _major_ release preceding it will be supported, which includes fixing bugs bugs in the npm library or other APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a _major_ release, the next _major_ release preceding it will be supported, which includes fixing bugs in the npm library or other APIs.
```

> After a _major_ release, only the _major_ release that immediately preceded it will be supported, which includes fixing bugs in the npm library or other APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a _major_ release, the only other supported version is the last version of the previous _major_ release. This previous version will only receive bug fixes to either the npm library, or our internal APIs. For example, following the release of `v11.0.0` on 7 Jan 2024, the only previous version we support is `v10.4.0`, released on 24 Dec 2023. All other previous versions are considered deprecated.
```

Is it worth us giving an example, something like this?

Author: The next part seems strange to me, at least a bit unnecessary.

> All other previous versions are considered deprecated.

I don't think that is worth the complete example, but if others agree will be fine.

Reviewer 2: I'd agree that the example is unnecessary.

Reviewer: Removed the example :)
